Hello.
Who are you?
We're journalists.
We're looking for Simon.
-You are not allowed to be here.
- But, Mom, come in.
So, you're Simon's mother.
-Where is he?
You're looking for him,
I'm looking for him.
He's swindled a woman in Norway
for a quarter of a million dollars.
I have absolutely no contact with him.
I have nothing to do with him.
I've not had contact with him
since he was 18 years old.
-But his registered address is here.
-He changed his name and address.
He is not Hayut any more.
-So who is he?
-Leviev.
Yes.
In 2017, he changed his name
to Simon Leviev.
Before that, he was known as Shimon Hayut.
But then he left Israel.
He forged a passport and left the country.
Yes.
The Israeli authorities
demand that he be found
so the trial against him can continue.
And we're doing what we can
to find him and bring him in.
She writes
that she's just landed.
We have a photographer outside the airport
who may be able to get pictures.
She writes, "My friend is picking me up."
That must be Simon.
I've now received a picture
from the photographer.
Wow, he's in Munich.
Hey, what's up? Good morning.
Good afternoon. Sorry.
I'm all right, and you?
What is it?
I told you the truth.
I told you the entire truth,
I don't understand what did the--
Pernilla, you have no idea.
My enemies are trying to--
What do you know?
Something that I don't know?
What the fuck is this bullshit?
You double-cross me…
I can tell you right now,
you will pay for this
for the rest of your life.
This is your mistake. If you want
to make some claims against me,
give me the evidence you have against me.
Nobody has confirmed anything.
That's not true.
Yeah.
I paid for it!
Because of my enemies
I couldn't use my own…
I have paid these people in cash.
I did give them them money.
Honey, what have you done this all for?
There will be a price,
and I promise it'll be bigger than money.
You double-cross me,
you're gonna pay for it.
TINDER SWINDLER